README.md, before:

# Veracode Security Labs Go Client

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache_2.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)
[![License: CC BY 4.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC_BY_4.0-lightgrey.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)

## Table of Contents

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->

- [Overview](#overview)
- [References](#references)
- [Notes](#notes)
- [Tentative Roadmap](#tentative-roadmap)
  - [Library](#library)
  - [Housekeeping](#housekeeping)
    - [`golangci-lint`](#golangci-lint)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

## Overview

My goal for this package is to provide a simple Go client for the Veracode Security Labs API.

## References

- [Veracode Security Labs API Docs](https://apidocs.hunter2.com/)
- [Writing a Go client for your RESTful API](https://medium.com/@marcus.olsson/writing-a-go-client-for-your-restful-api-c193a2f4998c)

## Notes

I don't have access to a Veracode Security Labs account for testing. My current employer wanted me to write a proposal to be able to develop against our account off-hours. That's work and I don't like doing work for hobby code. If you're interested in sponsoring me or providing access to an account I can run tests against, feel free to reach out!

Sometime soon I'll have all the GitHub niceties like a Contributing.md and issues templates.

## Tentative Roadmap

None of these are in any particular order.

### Library

- [ ] Get something simple pulled out of the wrapper article
- [ ] Learn how to use `httptest.Server`
- [ ] Build request and response structs for [each of the available URLs](https://apidocs.hunter2.com/#endpoints) (where applicable)
  - [x] Users
    - [x] GET /api/users?page=0
    - [x] GET /api/users/details?page=0
    - [x] GET /api/users/:id/progress
    - [x] PUT /api/users/:id
  - [ ] Summaries
    - [ ] GET /api/onboarding?page=0
    - [ ] GET /api/progress?page=0
    - [ ] GET /api/campaigns/progress?page=0
    - [ ] GET /api/engagement/time
  - [ ] Lessons
    - [ ] GET /api/lessons?page=0
    - [ ] GET /api/lessons/:id/progress?page=0
    - [ ] GET /api/lessons/search
  - [ ] Roles
    - [ ] GET /api/roles
    - [ ] GET /api/roles/:id/progress?page=0
  - [ ] Invites
    - [ ] POST /api/invites
- [ ] Mock all [the available URLs](https://apidocs.hunter2.com/#endpoints)
  - [x] Authentication
  - [x] Users
    - [x] GET /api/users?page=0
    - [x] GET /api/users/details?page=0
    - [x] GET /api/users/:id/progress
    - [x] PUT /api/users/:id
    - [x] DELETE /api/users/:id
  - [ ] Summaries
    - [ ] GET /api/onboarding?page=0
    - [ ] GET /api/progress?page=0
    - [ ] GET /api/campaigns/progress?page=0
    - [ ] GET /api/engagement/time
  - [ ] Lessons
    - [ ] GET /api/lessons?page=0
    - [ ] GET /api/lessons/:id/progress?page=0
    - [ ] GET /api/lessons/search
  - [ ] Roles
    - [ ] GET /api/roles
    - [ ] GET /api/roles/:id/progress?page=0
  - [ ] Invites
    - [ ] POST /api/invites
- [ ] Develop wrappers for [each endpoint](https://apidocs.hunter2.com/#endpoints)
  - [ ] Authentication
  - [ ] Users
    - [ ] GET /api/users?page=0
    - [ ] GET /api/users/details?page=0
    - [ ] GET /api/users/:id/progress
    - [ ] PUT /api/users/:id
    - [ ] DELETE /api/users/:id
  - [ ] Summaries
    - [ ] GET /api/onboarding?page=0
    - [ ] GET /api/progress?page=0
    - [ ] GET /api/campaigns/progress?page=0
    - [ ] GET /api/engagement/time
  - [ ] Lessons
    - [ ] GET /api/lessons?page=0
    - [ ] GET /api/lessons/:id/progress?page=0
    - [ ] GET /api/lessons/search
  - [ ] Roles
    - [ ] GET /api/roles
    - [ ] GET /api/roles/:id/progress?page=0
  - [ ] Invites
    - [ ] POST /api/invites

### Housekeeping

- [ ] Set up CI pipelines (GHA? CircleCI?)
- [ ] Define nice status checks like code coverage

#### `golangci-lint`

- [ ] Reenable
  - [ ] `unused`
  - [ ] `deadcode`
- [ ] Follow `structcheck` issue fix for Go 1.18

Commit message:

Feat/extend client with auth (#4)
* Define Client.do

* Create method to build a request

* Refactor to pull BaseUrl into Client

* Refactor to use a suite

* Test Client.newRequest

* Test Client.do with okay response

* Refactor Client.do test inside a suite

* Add notes to Client.do

* Add notes about how to auth in README

* Create methods to set auth info

* Refactor to call out suite is for tests

* Build Auth suite

* Lead method with verb

* Set auth key and secret in suite

* Test auth setters

* Update middleware with tested responses

* Show how response bodies were generated

* Link both the docs and the code for API responses

* Update docs

* Test request with key that isn't found

* Refactor middleware to trace paths better

* Test successful req

* Use suite client for test

* Test req with rotated auth

* Test req with disabled auth

* Set Auth header with newRequest

* Remove superfluous call

README.md, after:

# Veracode Security Labs Go Client

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache_2.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)
[![License: CC BY 4.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC_BY_4.0-lightgrey.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)

## Table of Contents

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Usage](#usage)
  - [Authentication](#authentication)
- [References](#references)
- [Notes](#notes)
- [Tentative Roadmap](#tentative-roadmap)
  - [Library](#library)
  - [Housekeeping](#housekeeping)
    - [`golangci-lint`](#golangci-lint)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

## Overview

My goal for this package is to provide a simple Go client for the Veracode Security Labs API.

## Usage

### Authentication

Ideally you're not hardcoding creds in your code and you're instead using environment variables. In your shell,

```bash
export VSL_AUTH_KEY="<your-api-key>"
export VSL_AUTH_SECRET="<your-api-secret>"
```

In your code,

```go
client := securitylabs.NewClient(nil, nil)
_ = client.SetAuthFromEnvironment()
```

If you don't want to use the environment variables I've exposed or you want to pull them in some other way, you can do this instead:

```go
client := securitylabs.NewClient(nil, nil)
client.SetAuth("<your-api-key>", "<your-api-secret>")
```

## References

- [Veracode Security Labs API Docs](https://apidocs.hunter2.com/)
- [Writing a Go client for your RESTful API](https://medium.com/@marcus.olsson/writing-a-go-client-for-your-restful-api-c193a2f4998c)

## Notes

I don't have access to a Veracode Security Labs account for testing. My current employer wanted me to write a proposal to be able to develop against our account off-hours. That's work and I don't like doing work for hobby code. If you're interested in sponsoring me or providing access to an account I can run tests against, feel free to reach out!

Sometime soon I'll have all the GitHub niceties like a Contributing.md and issues templates.

## Tentative Roadmap

None of these are in any particular order.

### Library

- [ ] Get something simple pulled out of the wrapper article
- [ ] Learn how to use `httptest.Server`
- [ ] Build request and response structs for [each of the available URLs](https://apidocs.hunter2.com/#endpoints) (where applicable)
  - [x] Users
    - [x] GET /api/users?page=0
    - [x] GET /api/users/details?page=0
    - [x] GET /api/users/:id/progress
    - [x] PUT /api/users/:id
  - [ ] Summaries
    - [ ] GET /api/onboarding?page=0
    - [ ] GET /api/progress?page=0
    - [ ] GET /api/campaigns/progress?page=0
    - [ ] GET /api/engagement/time
  - [ ] Lessons
    - [ ] GET /api/lessons?page=0
    - [ ] GET /api/lessons/:id/progress?page=0
    - [ ] GET /api/lessons/search
  - [ ] Roles
    - [ ] GET /api/roles
    - [ ] GET /api/roles/:id/progress?page=0
  - [ ] Invites
    - [ ] POST /api/invites
- [ ] Mock all [the available URLs](https://apidocs.hunter2.com/#endpoints)
  - [x] Authentication
  - [x] Users
    - [x] GET /api/users?page=0
    - [x] GET /api/users/details?page=0
    - [x] GET /api/users/:id/progress
    - [x] PUT /api/users/:id
    - [x] DELETE /api/users/:id
  - [ ] Summaries
    - [ ] GET /api/onboarding?page=0
    - [ ] GET /api/progress?page=0
    - [ ] GET /api/campaigns/progress?page=0
    - [ ] GET /api/engagement/time
  - [ ] Lessons
    - [ ] GET /api/lessons?page=0
    - [ ] GET /api/lessons/:id/progress?page=0
    - [ ] GET /api/lessons/search
  - [ ] Roles
    - [ ] GET /api/roles
    - [ ] GET /api/roles/:id/progress?page=0
  - [ ] Invites
    - [ ] POST /api/invites
- [ ] Develop wrappers for [each endpoint](https://apidocs.hunter2.com/#endpoints)
  - [ ] Authentication
  - [ ] Users
    - [ ] GET /api/users?page=0
    - [ ] GET /api/users/details?page=0
    - [ ] GET /api/users/:id/progress
    - [ ] PUT /api/users/:id
    - [ ] DELETE /api/users/:id
  - [ ] Summaries
    - [ ] GET /api/onboarding?page=0
    - [ ] GET /api/progress?page=0
    - [ ] GET /api/campaigns/progress?page=0
    - [ ] GET /api/engagement/time
  - [ ] Lessons
    - [ ] GET /api/lessons?page=0
    - [ ] GET /api/lessons/:id/progress?page=0
    - [ ] GET /api/lessons/search
  - [ ] Roles
    - [ ] GET /api/roles
    - [ ] GET /api/roles/:id/progress?page=0
  - [ ] Invites
    - [ ] POST /api/invites

### Housekeeping

- [ ] Set up CI pipelines (GHA? CircleCI?)
- [ ] Define nice status checks like code coverage

#### `golangci-lint`

- [ ] Reenable
  - [ ] `unused`
  - [ ] `deadcode`
- [ ] Follow `structcheck` issue fix for Go 1.18
